readme.md, before:

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/zetamatta/go-texts?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/zetamatta/go-texts)

go-texts is the utility package for text-data

"go-texts"
=========

SortedKeys
---------
It makes sorted strings' array from keys of the given map whose key's type is string.

	map1 := map[string]string{
		"A": "alpha",
		"B": "beta",
		"C": "gamma",
	}

	for _, key1 := range texts.SortedKeys(map1) {
		fmt.Printf("%s: %s\n", key1, map1[key1])
	}

"go-texts/mbcs"
===============

UtoA
-----
UtoA translates UTF8 to ANSI. When the 3rd parameter is true, it drops NUL-code.

	ansi, err := mbcs.UtoA("UTF8文字列", mbcs.ConsoleCP(), true)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}

AtoU
----
AtoU translates ANSI to UTF8

	utf8, err := mbcs.AtoU(ansi, mbcs.ConsoleCP())
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	fmt.Printf("Ok: %s\n", utf8)
	return nil

ConsoleCP
---------
ConsoleCP returns the current **Console** Codepage (Not ones of OS and threads)

NewAutoDetectReader
-------------------
NewAutoDetectReader is io.Reader converting from ANSI,UTF8 or UTF16 to UTF8

	sc := bufio.NewScanner(mbcs.NewAutoDetectReader(os.Stdin, mbcs.ConsoleCP()))
	for sc.Scan() {
		fmt.Println(sc.Text())
	}
	if err := sc.Err(); err != nil {
		fmt.Fprintln(os.Stderr, err)
	}

"go-texts/dos"
=====================

System
------
System calls CMD.exe without troubles about double-quotation

	dos.System(`echo "ahaha" "ihihi" "ufufu"`)


WithoutExt
----------
WithoutExt returns the path removed extension.

	const source = `c:\foo\bar.hoge\ahaha.txt`
	result := dos.WithoutExt(source)
	// result -> `c:\foo\bar.hoge\ahaha`

Commit message:

reame.md: wrote that "go-texts/mbcs" works only on Windows as expected.

readme.md, after:

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/zetamatta/go-texts?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/zetamatta/go-texts)

go-texts is the utility package for text-data

"go-texts"
=========

SortedKeys
---------
It makes sorted strings' array from keys of the given map whose key's type is string.

	map1 := map[string]string{
		"A": "alpha",
		"B": "beta",
		"C": "gamma",
	}

	for _, key1 := range texts.SortedKeys(map1) {
		fmt.Printf("%s: %s\n", key1, map1[key1])
	}

"go-texts/mbcs"
===============
"go-texts/mbcs" works only on Windows as expected.

UtoA
-----
UtoA translates UTF8 to ANSI. When the 3rd parameter is true, it drops NUL-code.

	ansi, err := mbcs.UtoA("UTF8文字列", mbcs.ConsoleCP(), true)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}

AtoU
----
AtoU translates ANSI to UTF8

	utf8, err := mbcs.AtoU(ansi, mbcs.ConsoleCP())
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	fmt.Printf("Ok: %s\n", utf8)
	return nil

ConsoleCP
---------
ConsoleCP returns the current **Console** Codepage (Not ones of OS and threads)

NewAutoDetectReader
-------------------
NewAutoDetectReader is io.Reader converting from ANSI,UTF8 or UTF16 to UTF8

	sc := bufio.NewScanner(mbcs.NewAutoDetectReader(os.Stdin, mbcs.ConsoleCP()))
	for sc.Scan() {
		fmt.Println(sc.Text())
	}
	if err := sc.Err(); err != nil {
		fmt.Fprintln(os.Stderr, err)
	}

"go-texts/dos"
=====================

System
------
System calls CMD.exe without troubles about double-quotation

	dos.System(`echo "ahaha" "ihihi" "ufufu"`)


WithoutExt
----------
WithoutExt returns the path removed extension.

	const source = `c:\foo\bar.hoge\ahaha.txt`
	result := dos.WithoutExt(source)
	// result -> `c:\foo\bar.hoge\ahaha`
